README: Provide one. (#88)
letsencrypt/ct-woodpecker: README.md

| `cert_submit_results` | CounterVec | `uri`, `status`, `precert`, `duplicate` | Result from submitting a cert or precert |
| `cert_storage_failures` | CounterVec | `uri`, `type` | Count of instances a cert/SCT couldn't be saved to the local DB to watch for inclusion |
| `stored_scts` | CounterVec | `uri` | Count of unique cert/SCTs retrieved and stored in the db |
| `oldest_unincorporated_cert` | GaugeVec | `uri` |Number of seconds since the oldest cert waiting on incorporation was submitted |
| `unincorporated_certs` | GaugeVec | `uri` | Number of certs/SCTs submitted but not yet incorporated |
| `inclusion_checker_errors` | CounterVec | `uri`, `type` | Number of errors encountered attemtping to check for cert inclusion |

* Possible `sth_inconsistency` `type` values are:
  * `"equal-treesize-inequal-hash"` for when two STH's have the same treesize and different hashes.
  * `"failed-to-get-proof"` for when an error occurs fetching the consistency proof.
  * `"failed-to-verify-proof"` for when a returned STH consistency proof can't
  be validated.

* Possible `cert_submit_results` `status` values are:
  * `"fail"` for failed submissions.
  * `"ok"` for successful submissions.

> * `cert_submit_results` will have a true `precert` label when the submission was a precert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cert_submit_results` will have a `precert="true"` label when the submission was a precert.
```

> * `cert_submit_results` will have a true `duplicate` label when the submission was a resubmission of a previously submitted cert/precert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cert_submit_results` will have a `duplicate="true"` label when the submission was a resubmission of a previously submitted cert/precert.
```

* Possible `cert_storage_failures` `type` values are:
  * `"marshalling"` for failures to marshal a returned SCT for storage.
  * `"storing"` for failures to insert the cert/SCT into the DB.

* Possible `inclusion_checker_errors` `type` values are:
  * `"getIndex"` for failures to get the current stored tree index from the DB.
  * `"getUnseen"` for failures to find unseen certs/SCTs in the DB.
  * `"getSTH"` for failures to fetch an STH to determine entries needing to be
  fetched.

>   * `"getEntires"` for failures to get entries from the log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `"getEntries"` for failures to get entries from the log.
```

>   * `"checkEntires"` for failures to check unseen certs against the returned new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `"checkEntries"` for failures to check unseen certs against the returned new
```

Author: How did I make the same typo twice :laughing:

  * **interval** - a duration string describing the time period between fetching STHs

  * **timeout** - a duration string describing the timeout for fetching an STH.

* **submitConfig** - global configuration related to periodic cert issuance and
  submission. May be omitted.

  * **interval** - a duration string describing the time period between attempts
    to issue and submit certs/precerts.

  * **timeout** - a duration string describing the timeout for submitting
    a cert/precert.

  * **certIssuerKeyPath** - a filepath for a file containing a PEM encoded
  RSA/ECDSA private key corresponding to the public key in the
  **certIssuerPath** PEM encoded intermediate certificate.

  * **certIssuerPath** - a filepath for a file containing a PEM encoded x509
  certificate to use as the issuer for certificates generated for submitting
  to logs.

* **inclusionConfig** global configuration related to checking that certificates
  issued periodically by `ct-woodpecker` were included in the monitored logs.

  * **interval** - a duration string describing the time period between attempts
    to check unseen certificates for inclusion.

>   * **maxGetEntries** - the maximum number of cert entries to ask a log for.

Reviewer: This is not quite right. Instead it should be "The maximum number of log entries to process each interval. `ct-woodpecker` will make a series of `get-entries` calls until it gets this many entries or reaches the tree head, and then process all fetched entries."

  This should be set quite high as `ct-woodpecker` will reduce the number of
  certs it asks for based on what the log will actually provide.

  * **startIndex** - an optional integer specifying the treesize to start
  checking for inclusion from. This is useful if you start `ct-woodpecker`

>   monitoring against a log that already has a large tree to let `ct-woodpecker`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  monitoring against a log that already has a large tree, since it lets `ct-woodpecker`
```

  skip ahead to the `startIndex`.

* **logs** - an array of one or more CT logs to be configured. Each log is
  composed of a config object with the following fields:

  * **uri** - the log's URI.

  * **key** - the log's public key (PEM encoded as a single line without the PEM
  header/footer).

  * **windowStart** - (optional) for a sharded log the `windowStart` specifies
  the begin date for the shard's accepted validity window. `ct-woodpecker` will

>   ensure the certificates it generates for this log have a validity period

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ensure the certificates it generates for this log have a `notAfter`
```

  within the `windowStart` and `windowEnd`

  * **windowEnd** - (optional) for a sharded log the `windowEnd` specifies
  the end date for the shard's accepted validity window. `ct-woodpecker` will

>   ensure the certificates it generates for this log have a validity period

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ensure the certificates it generates for this log have a `notAfter`
```

  within the `windowStart` and `windowEnd`

  * **maximum_merge_delay** - the MMD for the log.

>   * **submitPreCert** - if true then poisoned precertificates for this log will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **submitPreCert** - if true then precertificates for this log will
```

(`poisoned` is part of the definition of precertificates so we can leave it out)
